CSRF token should be stored in a server-side database (#24527)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/security/types_of_attacks/index.md

There are a few techniques that should be used to prevent this from happening:

- GET endpoints should be idempotent—actions that enact a change and do not retrieve data should require sending a POST (or other HTTP method) request. POST endpoints should not interchangeably accept GET requests with parameters in the query string.

> - A CSRF token should be included in \<form> elements via a hidden input field. This token should be unique per user and stored (for example, in a server-side database) such that the server can look up the expected value when the request is sent. For all non-GET requests that have the potential to perform an action, this input field should be compared against the expected value. If there is a mismatch, the request should be aborted.

Reviewer: You're absolutely right thank you. However I have reworded the whole thing, because I found it "overly wordy".

```suggestion
- A session-unique CSRF token should be provided by the server to the browser. This token can then be included whenever a form is posted by the browser (in a hidden input field in the `<form>` element). For all non-GET requests that have the potential to perform an action, the server compares the sent token against its stored value for the session. If there is a mismatch, the request is aborted.
```
